NowNovel | Write and Publish Your Novel Today NowNovel crafted by reedsy Apps reedsy marketplace Assemble a team of professionals reedsy studio The writing app for authors reedsy learning Writing courses, events and memberships reedsy discovery Get your book reviewed reedsy prompts Weekly writing prompts and contests Blog Hire a pro reedsy marketplace Assemble your team of professionals Editing Design Marketing Ghostwriting Translation Web Design Become a Freelancer Learn reedsy learning Writing courses, events and conferences Events & Conferences Webinars Free Writing Courses Premium Writing Courses Plan a Novel Course Write a Novel Course Book Marketing Course Upcoming events Landing Your Literary Agent November 22, 2026 How to Self-publish a Bestseller in 2026 September 05, 2026 Apostrophes, Dashes and Colons, Oh My! August 03, 2026 Reading with a Writers Eye July 27, 2026 Learn how to succeed as a writer from the best in the business. Learn more Sign in with Google Tools Book Promotion Sites Book Review Blogs Book Title Generator Booktubers Directory Character Name Generator Independent Publishers Literary Agents Directory Literary Magazines Pen Name Generator Plot Generator Publishers Directory Short Story Ideas Writing Apps Writing Classes Writing Contests Writing Exercises Writing Scholarships Every writer needs a Studio Check out our writing app for authors! Learn more Sign in with Google Join us Menu More apps built by Reedsy reedsy marketplace Assemble a team of professionals reedsy studio The writing app for authors reedsy learning Writing courses, events and memberships reedsy discovery Get your book reviewed reedsy prompts Weekly writing prompts and contests Navigate your writing journey Learn how to successfully publish your book. All posts Writing motivation and inspiration Character development Writing techniques and tips Book recommendations and reviews Book publishing Editing & proofreading Genre writing guides Author interviews Worldbuilding and setting Writing tools and resources Book marketing Grammar and language skills Book design Best Writing Apps for Authors (2026) — 26 Tools Compared Are you looking for the best app to write a novel? We've compared 26 apps. Discover the best writing apps for authors to help you plot, write, edit, and format your book. June 17th, 2026 Read post... The 5 Best Editing Services in 2026 Five legitimate platforms where you can get your first draft edited professionally, with their pros and cons. April 22nd, 2026 Read post... The Best Worldbuilding Tools for Authors in 2026 Discover the 10 best worldbuilding tools for authors in 2026 and compare features, pricing, pros, and cons. April 7th, 2026 Read post... What Is Metafiction? A Guide to Self-Aware Writing [+ Examples] In this article, we’ll look at the defining characteristics of metafiction, so that you’ll be better at spotting it or using it in your own writing. February 12th, 2026 Read post... 100 Poem Ideas to Fix Your Writers Block In this post, we've compiled 100 poem ideas to help inspire your next piece. January 28th, 2026 Read post... 8 Exposition Examples to Help Craft Your Story There are many types of exposition — in literature, film, and other media. Exposition introduces your reader to important and intriguing details of your story: who, what, why, where, and when, as well as key background information. November 28th, 2025 Read post... Comedic Writing: How to Write a Funny Story Consider this post your beginner's guide to writing comedy. We’ll walk you through the process, with some comedy-writing tips from professional comedians and examples from well-known funny stories sprinkled in along the way. November 7th, 2025 Read post... What Are the Best Online Writing Courses in 2026? We’ve compared the best online writing courses of 2026 for you, examining everything from flexibility to affordability. October 30th, 2025 Read post... How to Publish an Audiobook: The Ultimate 8-Step Guide As the audiobook market grows, find out how you can publish your audiobook in just eight steps. October 29th, 2025 Read post... Three-Act vs. Five-Act Structure The three act story structure is a traditional plot framework, while the five act story structure adds more story components with rising and falling action. October 10th, 2025 Read post... What Is NaNoWriMo? 7 Reasons to Still Do It (+ Alternatives) "NaNoWriMo" is a former write-a-thon that took place in November each year. But you can (and should) still take on a writing challenge in 2026 and beyond. Read why. October 7th, 2025 Read post... 8 Foreshadowing Examples in Literature: How to Tease Plot Developments Read 8 examples of foreshadowing in literature and learn what makes them so effective, plus how to incorporate these techniques in your own writing. September 30th, 2025 Read post... 1 2 3 4 5 &hellip; Next &rsaquo; Last &raquo; Join our newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter to receive the latest news and updates from our team. We made a writing app for you Yes, you! Write. Format. Export for ebook and print. All for free. Google Facebook Find the perfect editor for your next book Over 1 million authors trust the professionals on Reedsy. Come meet them. Sign in with Google Sign up Learn more MARKETPLACE Hire a Freelancer Hire an Editor Hire a Designer Hire a Marketer Hire a Ghostwriter Hire a Translator Hire a Web Designer COMPANY About Team Press Become a Freelancer Success Stories LEARN Blog Guides Writing Courses Events & Conferences Webinars Freelancer Blog WRITING APP Reedsy Studio Write a Book Plan a Book Format a Book Writing Resources TOOLS Book Reviews Writing Prompts Literary Agents Publishers NowNovel Hosted by Reedsy ★ Terms • Privacy • Reedsy Ltd. © 2026 We made a writing app for you Yes, you! Write. Format. Export for ebook and print. All for free. Google Facebook NowNovel Redirecting you to our sister website... 1 million authors trust the professionals on Reedsy. Come meet them. Create your account and request free quotes. Google Facebook