Reedsy • Your daily dose of writing, publishing and marketing advice reedsy blog Apps reedsy marketplace Assemble a team of professionals reedsy studio The writing app for authors reedsy learning Writing courses, events and memberships reedsy discovery Get your book reviewed reedsy prompts Weekly writing prompts and contests Connect reedsy marketplace Assemble a team of professionals Editing Design Marketing Ghostwriting Translation Web Design Become a Freelancer Meet our community Laura M. Translation View profile Matthew P. Website View profile Courtney K. Editing View profile Melody S. Translation View profile Alexandra O. Editing View profile Browse 5,000+ profiles The best professionals are already on Reedsy. Come meet them. Get started Sign in with Google Learn reedsy learning Writing courses, events and conferences Events & Conferences Webinars Free Writing Courses Premium Writing Courses Plan a Novel Course Write a Novel Course Book Marketing Course Upcoming events Landing Your Literary Agent November 22, 2026 How to Self-publish a Bestseller in 2026 September 05, 2026 Apostrophes, Dashes and Colons, Oh My! August 03, 2026 Reading with a Writers Eye July 27, 2026 Learn how to succeed as a writer from the best in the business. Learn more Sign in with Google Tools Book Promotion Sites Book Review Blogs Book Title Generator Booktubers Directory Character Name Generator Independent Publishers Literary Agents Directory Literary Magazines Pen Name Generator Plot Generator Publishers Directory Short Story Ideas Writing Apps Writing Classes Writing Contests Writing Exercises Writing Scholarships Every writer needs a Studio Check out our writing app for authors! Learn more Sign in with Google Blog reedsy blog Writing advice and resources Bestseller Podcast Success Stories Book Cover Gallery About Join us Menu More apps built by Reedsy reedsy marketplace Assemble a team of professionals reedsy studio The writing app for authors reedsy learning Writing courses, events and memberships reedsy discovery Get your book reviewed reedsy prompts Weekly writing prompts and contests Welcome to the Reedsy Blog A trusted place to learn how to successfully publish your book All posts Book design Book marketing From our authors Perfecting your craft Reedsy news Understanding publishing Writers Block: Whats Causing It, and How to Fix It Jun 11, 2026 – Perfecting your Craft Trying to break free of every writers worst fear? Here are 12 tips to overcome writers block. Read more Book Illustration: 25 Beautiful Examples May 12, 2026 – Book Design Great book illustrations can help bring a story to life. Check out these beautiful examples from contemporary artists! Read more Reedsy vs. Spines: Which Platform Is Right for You? Mar 31, 2026 – Understanding Publishing A closer look at two companies helping authors get published in very different ways. Read more Speculative Fiction 101: Types and Examples Mar 31, 2026 – Understanding Publishing Learn about the different types of this popular genre, which include science fiction, fantasy, magical realism, and supernatural horror. Read more Powerful Personification Examples That Bring Stories to Life Mar 23, 2026 – Perfecting your Craft In this article, we’ll go through 7 common types of personification with plenty of examples. Read more Reedsy vs Fiverr: Which Is Better for Authors? Mar 20, 2026 – Understanding Publishing An in-depth look at two popular marketplaces where authors can find publishing services. Read more What is a Plot Hole? 3 Common Types (With Examples) Mar 18, 2026 – Perfecting your Craft Learn what a plot hole is and how to avoid writing them. Read more How to Find a Ghostwriter For Hire in 2026 Mar 10, 2026 – Understanding Publishing Find out where you can hire a professional ghostwriter and how to choose the right one for your book. Read more 200+ Character Traits to Elevate Your Writing Mar 10, 2026 – Perfecting your Craft What makes a character feel real? Explore 200+ character traits — positive, negative, emotional, and physical — to help you write more believable, complex, and compelling characters. Read more How Much Do Authors Make? Advances, Royalties, and Additional Income Explained Feb 17, 2026 – Understanding Publishing How much do authors make, and how can you ensure you maximize your income? Get the inside scoop on author advances, royalties, and additional income streams. Read more 1 2 &hellip; 53 Next &rsaquo; Last &raquo; Subscribe to our newsletter! 1 million debut and bestselling authors have made Reedsy their home to learn more about book publishing, marketing tips and all things reedsy.com . Bring your publishing dreams to life The worlds best editors, designers, and marketers are on Reedsy. Come meet them. Google Facebook Join a community of over 1 million authors Reedsy is more than just a blog. Become a member today to discover how we can help you publish a beautiful book. Google Facebook MARKETPLACE Hire a Freelancer Hire an Editor Hire a Designer Hire a Marketer Hire a Ghostwriter Hire a Translator Hire a Web Designer COMPANY About Team Press Become a Freelancer Success Stories LEARN Blog Guides Writing Courses Events & Conferences Webinars Freelancer Blog WRITING APP Reedsy Studio Write a Book Plan a Book Format a Book Writing Resources TOOLS Book Reviews Writing Prompts Literary Agents Publishers reedsy ★ Terms • Privacy • Reedsy Ltd. © 2026 Bring your publishing dreams to life The worlds best editors, designers, and marketers are on Reedsy. Come meet them. Google Facebook 1 million authors trust the professionals on Reedsy. Come meet them. Enter your email or get started with a social account: Google Facebook