Avoid These 10 Verbs That Make You Tell - Writers Write Skip to content Home Story Generator About Writers Write Company Advertise With Us FAQs Guest Post Guidelines Privacy Policy Courses Writing Courses At Writers Write Online Courses Free Courses Writing Advice Creative Writing Business Writing Blogging Social Media Miscellany Everything Literary Book Reviews Literary Birthdays Literary Humour Literary Trivia Writing Motivation Writing Quotes Writing Prompts Writers Write Shop My Account Contact Support Us Home Story Generator About Writers Write Company Advertise With Us FAQs Guest Post Guidelines Privacy Policy Courses Writing Courses At Writers Write Online Courses Free Courses Writing Advice Creative Writing Business Writing Blogging Social Media Miscellany Everything Literary Book Reviews Literary Birthdays Literary Humour Literary Trivia Writing Motivation Writing Quotes Writing Prompts Writers Write Shop My Account Contact Support Us 0.00 0 Basket Home Story Generator About Writers Write Company Advertise With Us FAQs Guest Post Guidelines Privacy Policy Courses Writing Courses At Writers Write Online Courses Free Courses Writing Advice Creative Writing Business Writing Blogging Social Media Miscellany Everything Literary Book Reviews Literary Birthdays Literary Humour Literary Trivia Writing Motivation Writing Quotes Writing Prompts Writers Write Shop My Account Contact Support Us Home Story Generator About Writers Write Company Advertise With Us FAQs Guest Post Guidelines Privacy Policy Courses Writing Courses At Writers Write Online Courses Free Courses Writing Advice Creative Writing Business Writing Blogging Social Media Miscellany Everything Literary Book Reviews Literary Birthdays Literary Humour Literary Trivia Writing Motivation Writing Quotes Writing Prompts Writers Write Shop My Account Contact Support Us 0.00 0 Basket Avoid These 10 Verbs That Make You Tell We have put together this list of 10 verbs that make you tell when you write. Avoid these 10 verbs that make you tell. Show! Dont Tell. The writing technique Show Dont Tell helps us bring our stories to life. We do this by seeing the world through the eyes of our characters. We experience the world through their senses , and we let them speak for themselves. Their actions and reactions move the story forward and their body language reveals their emotions . Of course, there are times when you need to tell , but it is better to show most of the time. It helps us remain in the active voice , create white space , and create conflict . There are words that we should not use when we want to show. These words are usually telling you how to think or feel, instead of allowing the writing to show you what is happening. Avoid These 10 Verbs That Make You Tell Avoid these 10 verbs that make you tell: Appeared Decided Felt Heard Knew Mused Realised Seemed Thought Wondered How do you avoid using them? Show how your character feels by her actions. Use strong verbs to describe her state of mind. Don’t say : Sarah appeared to be angry as she put her books on the table. Do say : Sarah slapped her books on the table. Don’t say : Angus seemed distracted as he walked along the road. Do say : Angus paused in the road. A car’s brakes screamed. ‘Hey, watch out!’ He jumped at the sound of the angry driver’s voice. ‘Why don’t you look where you’re going?’ Don’t say : Harry decided to visit the more appealing of the two countries. Do say : Harry grabbed a pen. He drew up two columns. New Zealand or Germany. Which of the countries was more appealing? This to-do list would help him decide. If you enjoyed this post, read: Cheat Sheets for Writing Body Language 3 Simple Ways To Show And Not Tell 5 Instances When You Need To Tell (And Not Show) The 5 Senses – How Readers Remember Stories You can also try our FREE COURSE: How To Show And Not Tell In Short Stories by Amanda Patterson Top Tip : Find out more about our workbooks and online courses in our shop . Description , Show Dont Tell , Writing Tips from Amanda Patterson Posted on: 14th June 2012 (119,619 views) 14 thoughts on &ldquo;Avoid These 10 Verbs That Make You Tell&rdquo; Nomthetho Ngobese 28th January 2015 at 6:07 pm intresting M. R. Mathias 15th June 2015 at 10:46 pm Cheryll knew he was lying because shed heard the call he made. She thought that even though he seemed like a nice guy, he wasnt. She wondered if he realised shed caught on or not. When he appeared at the door she felt chills run down her spine. He had a gun so she decided not to unlock it. (Writing this a-mused me) I think I got them all. 😉 I would rather she listened to the call he made.rest of sentence would be and thought that even though he seemed to be a nice guy She realized he was not what he appeared to be 15th June 2015 at 11:16 pm she she she,wordy I would rather she listened to the call he made.rest of sentence would be and thought that even though he seemed to be a nice guy She realized he was not what he appeared to be 15th June 2015 at 11:16 pm she she she,wordy Gigi Sedlmayer 15th June 2015 at 11:24 pm Great post, thank you for posting. Gigi Sedlmayer 15th June 2015 at 11:26 pm Great post thanks for sharing Carolyn gattegno 15th June 2015 at 11:30 pm She listened to his call realizing that he was not as he appeared to be.She worried that he had a gun and did not answer his knock . too wordy to get the same point (could word otherwise too . .She heard the call he made.He had a gun and she was concerned that when she opened the door he would look at her face and realize her fear. she decided not to answer his knock etc etc etc Lorna Stremcha 16th June 2015 at 2:28 am Thanks robin peacock 16th June 2015 at 3:26 am some commenters have entirely missed the point of the post by M Mathias. larry shores 12th September 2015 at 3:55 pm Interesting and informative. Use colorful verbs that are descriptive? Raymond Chandler 28th October 2015 at 7:46 pm I am an up and coming writer. I am the guy who failed english and yet excelled at physics.c Im reading all of your posts and in question as to the amount of wording to each that you all use. Her eyes blazed with gleam of fear, the slack on her shoulders growing tense. The call only confirming her fear that he was now who he said he was. Narrowing her eyes she caught sight of a flash from the light off the reflection of the gun. Confirming the intuition she had wondered on. The man talking to the receiver, the monotone not giving sway as his voice, drew out the syllables. cHriStinA ThOmaS 26th March 2016 at 1:55 am This is the kind of stuff I have been looking for, I appreciate you sharing this! I am officially addicted to this writers write 🙂 ROBERT LEE 31st March 2016 at 7:42 am I am stumbling this post. The tips are so simple and yet as I read the differences, I could immediately feel the impact! That is how I want to write! To be sure, keeping it in my StumbleUpon list makes sure I can keep coming back until I acquire the habit of writing in this manner. Writers Write 31st March 2016 at 8:14 am Thank you, Robert. Were glad it helped. Comments are closed. Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin Pinterest Tumblr Facebook-f Instagram Linkedin Pinterest X-twitter Tumblr Search Newsletter Join Our Newsletter Recent Posts What Is Subject-Verb Agreement? 30 Examples To Master Concord 7 Ways ‘What If?’ Helps Writers Create Better Stories The 6 Non-Fiction Genres That Sell The Most Books Why Every Story Needs Consequences How To Write A Space Opera Most Popular What Is Tone? 155 Words To Describe An Authors Tone 45 Ways To Avoid Using The Word Very Master Body Language In Writing With These Easy Cheat Sheets What Is A Character Flaw? 123 Ideas For Character Flaws What Is a Character Trait? 350 Essential Character Traits for Writers 106 Words To Describe Sounds (A Writer’s Resource) 75 Words To Describe Smells (A Writer’s Resource) What Is Genre? A Guide To The 17 Most Popular Fiction Genres What Is Subject-Verb Agreement? 30 Examples To Master Concord Synonyms For 95 Commonly Used Words A Mini-Thesaurus For Writers Courses & Workbooks Courses Workbooks Free Courses Archives Archives Facebook-f Instagram Linkedin Pinterest X-twitter Tumblr Privacy Policy © Writers Write 2026